welcome to recap one as the gods will or
kami-sama no utori is a japanese film
released in 2014. this film tells the
story of a group of students who are
forced to play a game that threatens
their lives
the story begins with some students
whose lives are very boring
and the scene moves in the classroom
then comes a daruma doll that appears
from the sky
this doll forces the students to follow
the game if they don't join the game the
daruma doll will kill them
the game is easy the daruma will sing
facing the blackboard and is back to the
students
when the daruma finished singing he
would turn to face the students and no
one was allowed to move
when they move a little then the daruma
will kill them during the game many
victims died because their heads were
crushed a student told that to end the
game
they must press the button behind the
body of the daruma before the time runs
out
all students tried to press the button
but unfortunately many failed and had to
die
long story short there are only two
people left shun takahata and sataki
because time is running out they have to
think of a quick way to end the game a
plan is drawn up with shun who is
assisted by jumping with sataki
finally they managed to press the button
and ended the game
unfortunately in the daruma game only
one person chose one the winner in this
game was the one who pressed the button
on the daruma body in the end sataki had
to die
after the daruma game shun takahata met
ichika akamoto and they both find a way
out to leave the school unfortunately
there are no doors or windows that can
be used to escape
long story short there is only one door
that can be used and then they head to
the basketball court
in the room they continued the second
game called cat and belle to end this
game they had to put the bell ball into
a ring in the big cat doll
long story short there is a student
basketball athlete named mikhanori tara
who tries to put a bell ball into the
ring
unfortunately the ball was caught by the
cat
finally mykonori tyra died because the
cat threw the ball shun made a plan to
trick the cat by throwing two balls the
cat was fooled but unfortunately the
throw did not enter the ring
then takeru amaya came and then put the
ball into the ring
long story short the cat was silent and
said that in this game there were only
three winners
finally takeru kills the players with
his own hands leaving only shannon
ichika
on the other hand there are many reports
that inform students who have
disappeared and died horribly
then a strange object was seen crossing
the japanese sky the japanese prime
minister declared to carry out an
emergency evacuation because he thought
this was a terrorist attack
a tadakatsu opinion said that this
incident was not an attack from
terrorists but from aliens
the scene shifts to school where the
third game begins immediately
the name of this game is kagoma kagoma
to end this game the player must guess
which of the four dolls is behind it
players must be blindfolded and guess at
the allotted time the game begins those
who are wrong and don't answer will soon
die
long story short it's shun's turn and he
managed to guess who the doll was behind
him finished the game shun and the
others gathered in the room when
suddenly a doll head appeared that had
seven keyholes
to complete the game in this level the
players have to collect seven keys and
open them at the same time but
unfortunately they only have four keys
then came takeru with three keys long
story short they managed to finish this
game and move on to the next game by
wearing the cold clothes that have been
provided
the game continues with them heading to
the snowy room there is a big white
teddy bear named shirakuma
in this game the bear will ask questions
and must be answered honestly
if anyone is lying they will be killed
and the game will be over if the
participant manages to find out who is
lying
the bear then asked some questions when
the participants answered the questions
the bear said that some of them still
lied those who lie are eventually killed
by the bears
shun who is suspicious of this game then
thinks and finds out that the one who is
lying in this game is the bear shirakuma
long story short the bear that was
cornered then went berserk and then he
was trapped in the steam which
transformed him into his true form which
was a black bear
after that the bear named the winner in
this game long story short shun and the
others continued to stage five
this game is tending cairns the way to
play in this stage is that the
participants on guard must pick up cans
and put them in a predetermined place
when the first person on guard picks up
the can the other participants have to
hide somewhere
before the sun goes down the man on
guard must find among those who are
hiding and put him in prison
another participant whose whereabouts
are unknown can release the imprisoned
person by kicking the can
however when they did the can exploded
the game begins and takeru is the first
to stand guard
other participants then start looking
for a hiding place quickly takeru can
take the can and put it in the
designated place
after placing the can in the designated
place takeru quickly managed to catch
two participants and left shannon ichika
long story short only sean hasn't been
caught by takeru
shunhu was hiding in the warehouse found
the armor and then use it to fight
takeru takeru thought that shun would
kick the can a fight ensued between shan
and takeru while shuntai takeru with an
iron chain in his stomach
long story short shun pulled takeru into
the sea so takeru was attracted and fell
while shun managed to escape and
survived takeru who was interested in it
managed to survive
and simultaneously they both ran to kick
the can in the end shun managed to kick
the can and when the can was kicked
there was no explosion
long story short they managed to finish
the game without anyone dying
after that they get ice cream and eat it
it turns out that on the ice cream stick
there is an inscription you are dead
while the lucky ones were only two
participants the only people who managed
to pass were shannon takeru
they were greeted with joy by japanese
citizens who witnessed near the foreign
object
shun said that there was no god
then the doll disagreed with shun's
words and showed the old man like a
[ __ ]